.\" Created from Texinfo source by yat2m 1.31
.TH GPG-ERROR-CONFIG 1 2018-06-12 "Libgpg-error 1.31" "GnuPG"
.SH NAME
.B gpg-error-config
\- Script to get information about the installed version of libgpg-error
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  gpg-error-config
.RI [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgpg-error-config\fR is a tool that is used to configure to
determine the compiler and linker flags that should be used to compile
and link programs that use Libgpg-error. It is also used
internally to the \fB.m4\fR macros for GNU autoconf that are included
with Libgpg-error.

.SH OPTIONS

\fBgpg-error-config\fR accepts the following options:


.TP
.B   --mt
Provide output appropriate for multithreaded programs.  \fB--mt\fR
is only useful when combined with other options, and must be the first
option if present.

.TP
.B  --version
Print the currently installed version of Libgpg-error on the
standard output.

.TP
.B  --libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link a program using
Libgpg-error.

.TP
.B  --cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a program using
Libgpg-error.

.TP
.B  --prefix=\fIprefix\fR
If specified, use \fIprefix\fR instead of the installation prefix that
Libgpg-error was built with when computing the output for the
\fB--cflags\fR and \fB--libs\fR options.  This option is also
used for the exec prefix if \fB--exec-prefix\fR was not specified.
This option must be specified before any \fB--libs\fR or
\fB--cflags\fR options.

.TP
.B  --exec-prefix=\fIprefix\fR
If specified, use \fIprefix\fR instead of the installation exec prefix
that Libgpg-error was built with when computing the output for the
\fB--cflags\fR and \fB--libs\fR options.  This option must be
specified before any \fB--libs\fR or \fB--cflags\fR options.

.P

